
I have this simple game that I made, and it needs some major design improvements. Aesthetically I want this to look a lot more professional. I want the interface to be adaptable to various device ratios and resolutions. I would like you to come up with a few other design and aesthetically better things to improve the overall user experience in interface.

https://github.com/CullenCrafted/ColorMerge

I would also like on the main page before you even open up the game itself. I would like there to be another page that has an option of five games in total two will be new word games which I have listed below. I would like you to come up with sort of the methodology in the logic behind how exactly these game should be played with the interface looks like how scoring should take place to make it more enjoyable and interactive for the user. There will also be two other variations to that color game that I have linked above the first will be a sort of inner ring style, where the user is trying to match the innermost circle with the background color and it gets more and more difficult as you go out so stick to the same idea of the color merge in that sense where it gets more and more difficult going further out any train and at the end of the day or say each level gets an additional ring. The second color merge iteration I think on that I haven’t thought out too much so I’d like you to come up with some ideas, but maybe it’s stained class look related where you’re trying to match different sections of the screen with the color, you’re trying to mix the colors to match different parts of the screen and you know it’s sort of a stained glass configuration.

Word Game: random open ended lines all over the screen that are meant to be connected to show a word or image. Starts easy then gets harder. User can request guesses.

Word game idea: stretched words. A word or phrase is contorted and the player has to determine what the word is by squishing and manipulating the image to obtain a readable font and enter guess.

I would also like there to be obviously an instructions page for each of these separate games that sort of explain the order of operations and how to play in the beginning when you first click in has that unique interface with all the games as a choice that sort of matches the color merch style I would like there to be an option to subscribe and it’ll send an email with the daily games and each of these games separately will have their own daily challenge and I would like you to come up with a logic and design of all that where there’s a scoring system and people can play, but it has it their own daily challenge for each of these games